Add a section about typography to the design package readme file (#44757)
gravitational/teleport: web/packages/design/README.md

[Build Better Component Libraries with Styled System](https://medium.com/styled-components/build-better-component-libraries-with-styled-system-4951653d54ee)

[Component Based Design System With Styled-System](https://varun.ca/styled-system/)

## Typography

> Here are some general rules for using typography in our web app and Teleterm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some general rules for using typography in our apps:
```

### General order of preference

1. Prefer using semantic wrappers like `<H1/>`, `<P/>` to `<Text
   typography="..."/>` if we can assign semantics to a given piece of content.
2. Otherwise, prefer `<Text typography="..."/>` to using custom font sizes and
   other text attributes.
3. Only use custom font sizes and other text attributes when necessary.

### Rules for Specific Components

#### Headings and Subtitles

- Headings: `<H1/>`, `<H2/>`, `<H3/>`, `<H4/>` wrappers render actual HTML tags,
  which is better for accessibility. Usage examples:
  - `<H1/>` — page titles, empty result set notifications followed up by
    additional content
  - `<H2/>` — dialog titles, dialog-like side panel titles, resource enrollment
    subpage titles

>   - `<H3/>` — explanatory side panel titles, resource enrollment step boxes

Reviewer: Maybe add a period at the end of these points to make them sentences?

  automatically handle inter-paragraph spacing without disrupting the external
  margins. It doesn’t enforce any typography, so it defaults to whatever is
  inherited from the component (`body2` is the global default).
- Do *not* use `<br/>` unless a line break is exactly what is appropriate (e.g.
  in code or command snippets). Prefer paragraphs or other block elements to
  separate text vertically.
- Use `<P1/>` through `<P3/>` for paragraphs that explicitly override typography
  to `body1` through `body3`, respectively. Note that picking between them
  doesn’t have anything to do with their level in document’s heading hierarchy;
  having multiple versions of these is only a shortcut for applying different
  body typography to paragraphs.

### Other Advice

- Use proper title capitalization on headings and buttons, except where text is
  clearly meant to be a full sentence. Do it even if you’re using `caps`
  modifier or the `<H4/>` component, which uses all caps for its content; this
  way, it will be easier to refactor your code.
- This document was created a long time after we started working on our UI, and

>   after a redesign. You may see a lot of legacy code that doesn’t follow there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  after a redesign. You may see a lot of legacy code that doesn’t follow these
```
